DOCS-3844: Add system log forwarding configuration (#4297)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/fleet/system-settings.md

    }
}
```

### Forward system logs to the cloud

You can configure `viam-agent` to forward system logs from journald to the cloud for additional diagnostics information.
This allows you to view system logs from your machine alongside Viam's own logs in the Viam app.

To enable system log forwarding, add the `forward_system_logs` field to the `system_configuration` object. This field accepts a comma-separated list of service identifiers to include or exclude from forwarding.

```json
"agent": {
    "system_configuration": {
        "forward_system_logs": "kernel,NetworkManager,tailscaled"
    }
}
```

{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}
System log forwarding requires journald to be available on the system. This feature is only supported on Linux systems.
{{< /alert >}}

#### Filtering options

You can control which system logs are forwarded using the following syntax:

> - `"all"`: Forward all system logs (except `viam-agent` logs, which are never forwarded)

Reviewer: Would reword this exception to say something like "note: viam-agent and viam-server logs are sent directly to the cloud (and always visible), so cannot be added or removed here"

> - `"all"`: Forward all system logs (except `viam-agent` logs, which are never forwarded)

Reviewer 2: Does this seem right @Otterverse ?
```suggestion
- `"all"`: Forward all system logs (in addition to`viam-agent` and `viam-server` logs which are sent directly to the cloud and always visible)
```

Reviewer: Fine by me!
